Updating Contributing.md (#1731)
cmss13-devs/cmss13: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

	- [Introduction](#introduction)
	- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
	- [Meet the Team](#meet-the-team)
		- [Head Maintainer and Project Manager](#head-maintainer-and-project-manager)
		- [Maintainers](#maintainers)

> 		- [Issue Managers](#issue-managers)

Reviewer: add your new headers to the table of contents here

Author: done

* If your pull request is not finished, you may open it as a draft for potential review. If you open it as a full-fledged PR make sure it is at least testable in a live environment. Pull requests that do not at least meet this requirement will be closed. You may request a maintainer reopen the pull request when you're ready, or make a new one.

> * While we have no issue helping contributors (and especially new contributors) bring reasonably sized contributions up to standards via the pull request review process, larger contributions are expected to pass a higher bar of completeness and code quality -before- you open a pull request. Maintainers may close such pull requests that are deemed to be substantially flawed. You should take some time to discuss with maintainers or other contributors on how to improve the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While we have no issue helping contributors (and especially new contributors) bring reasonably sized contributions up to standards via the pull request review process, larger contributions are expected to pass a higher bar of completeness and code quality *before* you open a pull request. Maintainers may close such pull requests that are deemed to be substantially flawed. You should take some time to discuss with maintainers or other contributors on how to improve the changes.
```

Author: fixed

* New maps*
* Bug fixes and inconsistency fixes
</details>

**A note on new maps.**
Entirely new maps are generally considered to be stepping stones into the Development team’s mapping dept. proper. However, making a new map is a months long process that requires dedication and constant communication and oversight from mappers on the Development team. Mapping, like spriting and coding is an acquired skill, and it is highly likely your first map is going to suck. Maps are fluid entities that are never absolutely complete, don’t wed yourself to your initial layout, always be prepared to remap half the project when going in.

### Coding
<details>
* Quality of life improvements that don’t impact gameplay, but improve it
* Latency optimizations and improvements
* Backend system refactors that improve server stability or performance
* Minor features that don’t impact the overall round loop
* Anything on the public task-board
* New Alien strains
* New Marine and Alien tech options
* Bay12 legacy feature removal (such as wizard backend, laser eyes, etc)
* Map specific survivor loadouts
* Bug fixes and inconsistency fixes
</details>

## What we don't want

> There are things, features, balances, projects, and all other sorts of stuff that we don’t want player contributors touching. Some things are reserved to the Maintainer Team alone. While this list isn’t comprehensive, it’ll give you a good idea of what you should keep your hands off of while working with our codebase. If you make a PR that does one, or some of these things it doesn’t mean it will be automatically denied (and sometimes doing something on the following list is a good thing), but it will very likely drastically reduce your chances of having the PR accepted and merged, so don’t say we didn’t warn you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What not to work on
While this list isn’t comprehensive, it’ll give you a good idea of what you should keep your hands off of while working with our codebase.
```

### Spriting
<details>
* Gun sprites & gun spriters. We have those bases covered.
* Resprites of recently updated content, such as uniforms, guns, marine armor
* Resprites that drastically alter the original CM-Styled item / object (Like turning the Staff Officer uniform into dress blues)
* Donor item adjustments or changes (exemption for Donor’s making changes to their own items)
* Adjustments or modifications to major factions without prior approval. (If you don’t have approval and don’t knock us out of the park, expect to get turned down)
* Joke sprites (unless they’re of exceptional quality)
* Attachment sprite changes
* Tacticool equipment and gear. We’re retro-future (or cassette punk if you will).
</details>

### Mapping
<details>

> * Nightmare inserts with ridiculous loot or ones that are out of place (don’t put snow on LV, for example)
> * Major lane changes or remaps of legacy maps
> * Major remaps without prior approval
> * Additional detailing that degrades arena space or hinders gameplay in any sort of way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nightmare inserts with ridiculous loot or ones that are out of place (don’t put snow on LV, for example)
* Additional detailing that degrades arena space or hinders gameplay in any sort of way
```

</details>

### Coding
<details>

> * Only direct changes to balance numbers on an MR (damage, recoil, health, armor, movespeed, etc), with nothing else to add to the game (without prior approval)
> * Removal of non-legacy features
> * Major overhauls of gameplay without prior approval
> * Adding additional factions, antagonists, or species
> * Again no additional species or races, even Arcturians
> * New cassette tapes
> * Vehicle removals
> * New jobs / roles
> * Changes to whitelist roles
> * Removal of jobs / roles
> * Major reworks of jobs / roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No additional species or races, even Arcturians
```

Regarding sprites & sounds, you must credit the artist and possibly the codebase.

## Things you can work on
The following list is non-exhaustive, but should give you a good idea of what the dev team would like to see in Pull Requests.

### Spriting

- Replacements of legacy Bay12 sprites
- Strain specific designs for Aliens for ones that lack them
- Alternative Alien sprite sets
- Icon sheet sorting styled after firearms sheets
- New cosmetic loadout items, such as additional helmet garb
- Custom tilesets for maps that don’t have them
- Map specific props and details
- Map specific Colonist uniforms and equipment
- Additional HUD styles
- Bug fixes and inconsistency fixes

### Mapping
- Nightmare inserts
- Object placement quality of life improvements (such as widening hallways and combat lanes cluttered with props)
- Extra map detailing (so long as it doesn’t negatively impact performance)
- Removal of dead-ends or gameplay dead-space on existing maps

> - New maps-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New maps*
```

Author: fixed

* Minor features that don’t impact the overall round loop
* Anything on the public task-board
* New Alien strains
* New Marine and Alien tech options
* Bay12 legacy feature removal (such as wizard backend, laser eyes, etc)
* Map specific survivor loadouts
* Bug fixes and inconsistency fixes
</details>

## What we don't want
The following list is non-exhaustive, but should give you a good idea of what the dev team don't want to see in Pull Requests.

### Spriting
<details>
* Resprites of recently updated content, such as uniforms, guns, marine armor
* Donor item adjustments or changes
* Joke sprites
* Tacticool equipment and gear. We’re retro-future (or cassette punk if you will).
</details>

### Mapping
<details>
* Nightmare inserts with ridiculous loot or ones that are out of place (don’t put snow on LV, for example)
* Additional detailing that degrades arena space or hinders gameplay in any sort of way
</details>

### Coding
<details>
* Only direct changes to balance numbers on an PR (damage, recoil, health, armor, movespeed, etc), with nothing else to add to the game (without prior approval)
* No additional species or races, even Arcturians

> </details>

Reviewer: change all of these to dashes instead of stars

Author: Removed <details> and changed * to -
